>> Mike North: So the last little
couple topics I want to talk about,
we don't have an exercise for them, but
I just want to close out about like topics
that go beyond what we've done so far.
The first is
a Certificate Authority Compromise.
We trust certificate authorities
to identify the servers that we're
talking to.
But occasionally they do get compromised.
This really does happen.
A little while back,
this was in 2015, just two years ago,
a certificate authority was
compromised by a government and
it was found that the form
that this took was
the government got ahold of
the private key of a certificate root.
And so they could issue whatever
certificates they want, if they wanted.
Among the things that ended
up happening were a wild card
Google certificate was generated and
it was found for sale on the dark web.
So star.google.com, that's pretty bad.
Another one was that a huge DDoS
attack was directed at GitHub
where basically the certificate was used
to inject scripts into ad trackers, these
little like doubleclick.net, these things
that are ever-present on all of our pages.
Imagine if with your
doubleclick.net you also got like,
by the way every half a second
please send a request to GitHub.com.
And multiply that by a billion people or
so, it starts to become very serious.
When you trust a certificate authority,
when you add a trust root to your
operating system, you basically add
anything that this assigns to
the list of things that you trust.
That is the point of being an authority.
You sign others' certificates and
you're basically vouching for them, so
you have to be careful about
whose vouches you listen to.
So the one thing that save Google
in this case something called http
public key pinning.
And the idea behind this is, again it's
another header that you add to response.
But the idea is rather than saying, for
me to trust a certificate you must be
signed by an authority who I trust.
And you must have a name that aligns
with the name of your domain.
We basically say,
okay that's a minimum requirement.
But also here is a hash of my public key.
Remember this for a long time, and if you
ever see a certificate that otherwise
would seem valid but it's fingerprint
does not match mine, do not trust it.
You're not allowed to use it.
So that's this pin value that we
have in the public key pin's header.
We add what is called the public
key fingerprint to this.
And essentially, that means,
no longer do we simply
need that to be a valid certificate, but
it has to be the very certificate
that I have and I am holding.
At that point, you know that you're
not gonna have some malicious party
who maybe has momentary control
over your domain going out and
requesting a bunch of other certificates.
And allowing users to basically
emulating you or man-in-the-middling
with the certificate and able to interfere
with what's going on, it's only yours.
So the problem here is almost
nobody uses this standard.
This survey here, and I had to dig
down and research that raw data
a little bit more cuz it's it seems
like suspect cuz it's so dramatic.
375 domains in the top 1 million
Alexa sites use public key pinning,
75 more are in report only
mode where they don't enforce,
they just sort of ping URL,
whatever the detector problem.
So it is a good idea to use this, but
again make sure that you're
ready to make the transition.
Same with HSTS,
because now you've got this certificate
and you can't use another one.
So if something happened to that or
if your private key were disclosed,
now you're in a real bind because
you can't use another's certificate.
You've got a bunch of users
that expect this one, right?
And so if it gets compromised,
it becomes very difficult to revoke
because now you've said browsers
only trust the one that I have.
And sometimes we need to generate
new certificates ourselves.
So finally I want to mention that we
should treat certificates with
extreme care as developers.
I want to just tell
a quick little story and
I'm not trying to be criticizing or
harping on anyone.
Vulnerabilities pop up everywhere.
But this was one that was a collaboration
between a lot of really smart developers,
and just something slipped
through the cracks.
So if you use Webpack dev server
specifically, Preact-CLI,
or create react app, there was
a vulnerability that just this summer,
where there was just some private
key mishandling that happened.
And it ended up prompting a bunch
of users to trust a route
where the private key
was checked into GitHub.
And so ultimately what that means is if
you went to a Preact conference or
something.
You could man in the in the middle a large
swath of people across any domain.
Totally undetected because
you have the private key.
We're needing to as UI
developers get more and
more into dealing with
security issues like these.
And it is important to sort of move
any responsible speed and
to make sure we do things the right way.
These teams did a fantastic
job of patching things and
now what we get is an automatic
certificate generation on a per-machine
basis where there's a hidden
certificate authority.
And then each application has its own leaf
level certification that has a very short
lifetime.
It's a great solution and these teams
showed how much they care about their
users by addressing it so promptly.
But this was the mistake where, basically,
a self-signed certificate,
by default, is a root, right?
It is a certificate root.
So you can call it local host, but this
can be used to sign other certificates.
And so it's not really a one-off and
trusting this has the effect
of basically making it so
that you trust anything at signs as well.
And once the private key's exposed, anyone
can create something signed by this.
So you would think that public
key pinning would help us
here because this is the same as
a certificate authority compromise.
But unfortunately, there in
the spec is a loophole that's says,
basically we ignore public
key pending violations,
if you've added this trust route
to your machine deliberately.
Which in this case you would've done.
So recognize that we as developers
are pretty terrible about security.
We are actually worse then
the general public in terms of
being vigilant about passwords and
protecting SSH keys and secrets and
things, reviewing all of the code
we incorporate into our apps.
So recognize that we have
a responsibility to our users to
be a little bit more vigilant.
And when things arise to
respond in a prompt way
that demonstrates that we take this kinda
stuff seriously like those two teams did.